[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's review
where we've been so far.
What types of scoping rule or
rules does JavaScript have?
What's the scope rule called?
>> Speaker 2: Lexical
>> Kyle Simpson: Lexical scoping,
that's the one.
What are the exceptions,
how do we cheat lexical scopin
>> Speaker 2: Eval.
>> Kyle Simpson: Eval and
the width key rule, those are two ways
to cheat with the exceptions to lexical.
What are the different ways
you can create a new scope?
>> Speaker 2: Functions.
>> Kyle Simpson: Functions create a new
scope, what else?
>> Speaker 2: A catch.
>> Kyle Simpson: Catch blocks
create a new scope, what else?
>> Speaker 3: Curly braces.
>> Kyle Simpson: The curly braces with
the let keyword will create a new scope,
okay?
What's the difference between
undeclared and undefined?
Remember I mentioned that earlier?
Can anybody remember?
What's the difference between
undeclared and undefined?
>> Speaker 2: Undefined has a value.
>> Kyle Simpson: Undefined is a value.
>> Speaker 2: Is a value.
>> Kyle Simpson: What is undeclared?
>> Speaker 2: It hasn't been registered to
any scope yet.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's never been declared.
So another way of explaining undefined.
Some people say undefined means it's
a variable that doesn't yet have a value.
That's not really correct cuz
a variable can have a value and
then not have a value.
So really the proper way of thinking
about it if you want to sort of,
conceptually is undefined means
doesn't currently have a value.
Or currently, the value is sort of an
empty placeholder or something like that.
It's another way of thinking about it.
But, it means explicitly,
if you have an undefined value,
there there definitely
was a declared variable.
Cuz if there's not a declared variable,
what you're gonna get back
is a reference error.
That make sense?
So keep declared and defined,
even though they sound like synonyms,
keep them separate.